hi guys so today I'm going to be doing
the second tutorial in my series of
three for back-to-school and this one is
for high schoolers now high school is
definitely the period of time for most
girls where you start experimenting with
makeup I know it was definitely my
experimentation period even though I
didn't wear that much makeup in high
school and I didn't wear it on a daily
basis I definitely started to find my
way as far as what products I liked what
looks I liked and there was definitely a
lot of trial and error involved so for
this look I tried to keep things fairly
simple and light with a little bit of
tinted moisturizer a pretty shimmery
brown eye a nice natural flush across
the cheeks and then some peachy coral
lips to top it all off so I hope you
guys enjoyed this tutorial and let's go
ahead and get started
alrighty so the first thing you're gonna
want to do is even out your skin tone so
today I'm going to be using a tinted
moisturizer and this one is from Bobbi
Brown and this is the tinted moisturizer
with SPF 15 and the color light to
medium now a great drugstore alternative
for this tinted moisturizer is the
covergirl aqua smoothers in 810 light to
medium I love this tinted moisturizer
but the Bobbi Brown one the color
matches me a little bit better so that's
why I'm using this one but the covergirl
tinted moisturizer is a great drugstore
alternative so I'm just going to take a
small amount like that all my fingers
and I'm going to rub it between my
fingers and then just blend it into my
skin
now since tinted moisturizer does
provide very sheer a lightweight
coverage you may need to come in with a
concealer to cover up any blemishes or
problem areas that you may have so I'm
going to be using my NARS stick
concealer and custard and I'm just going
to come in here and cover up a couple
blemishes I have okay so now moving on
to eyes I'm going to keep it really
simple but it's still something that's
very very pretty and very flattering on
most skin tones so I'm going to take my
NYX jumbo eye pencil and iced mocha
just gonna put this all over my eyelids
as a base and this is just a really
pretty frosty brown color I've talked
about this a lot in my videos I just
really like this color and it's just
very flattering so now that I have the
iced mocha on my lids as a base I'm
going to take my Sigma SS 224 brush and
the covergirl shimmering sands eyeshadow
trio and I'm going to take the darkest
color and the middle color and I'm going
to mix them together so I'm going to
start off with a little bit of the light
color on my brush and then go into the
darker color get a little bit on there
and then I'm just going to put this all
over my lid and the reason why I'm
mixing the colors is because I wanted
the color to be a little bit darker than
the middle color but not as dark as the
darkest color so I wanted something
right in the middle so that's why I'm
mixing the two colors together and you
don't have to be precise about this just
put it all over your lid then I'm just
going to take the lightest color in the
trio I'm going to dab my finger in there
and then just place a little bit on the
inner corner for a highlight and then
whatever is left over on my finger I'm
just gonna put up top on the brow bone
alrighty so moving on into eyeliner
today I'm just going to be using my
Rimmel exaggerate waterproof eye definer
and this is a great eyeliner because
it'll stay on your eyes all day long so
I'm just gonna tightline my eyes and
this is gonna help your lashes look
fuller and thicker and you're not gonna
have to pack on a ton of eyeliner for
this effect which is why I really like
it it's subtle but it makes a huge
difference okay so now it's time for a
bit of cheek color I'm gonna be using my
favorite cream blush today from NARS and
this is penny lane and I'm just gonna
take a Sigma SS 187 brush I'm gonna get
a bit of the blush on my brush smile to
find the apples of my cheeks and then
I'm just gonna Pat it on and I really
like this color because it's really
flattering natural pink color and cream
blushes are just really easy to use
another great thing about this blush is
that it's a cream to powder formula so
it's really easy to blend but it dries
like a powder so it leaves a really
natural finish so when you're in high
school I know there aren't too many
opportunities to be touching up your
makeup constantly so you really want to
make sure that your makeup is going to
last all day long so that is why I'm
going to be using a makeup setting spray
and this is Dee slick from Urban Decay
and this one is specifically for oily
skin but they have different ones for
different skin types and this is just
going to help keep your makeup on and
it's going to prevent your skin from
looking shiny throughout the day so I'm
just gonna shake this up and then just
spritz it on my face and then just kind
of fan it to help it dry a little bit so
once it's dry I'm just gonna take my
Maybelline Dream matte powder and my
Revlon kabuki brush and I'm just gonna
Pat a little bit of this all over my
face and this is just gonna help set
everything and I like spraying the
setting spray first and then putting the
powder over it because I find that you
get the most matte finish and oil
control when you do it in that order
okay so now I'm just going to come in
here and curl my eyelashes and this is a
small step that makes a huge huge
difference then I am just going to take
my Maybelline full and soft waterproof
mascara I'm using a waterproof mascara
just because it won't smudge throughout
the day and it will stay on a little bit
longer plus I really like the
formulation of this mascara so I'm just
gonna coat my lashes so last but not
least is lip color and you want to keep
it fairly simple but you still want a
little bit of color in your lips so
today I'm going to be using Revlon's lip
gloss in Coral Reef and I'm just going
to take this and put it all over my lips
all righty so that is it and this is the
finished look so I hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial let me know what you think
in the comments below and I will see you
all later bye